NSX-T Segment Profile Template support (#1120)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/r/nsxt_segment_profile_template.html.markdown

  nsxt_manager_id = data.vcd_nsxt_manager.nsxt.id
}

data "vcd_nsxt_segment_spoof_guard_profile" "first" {
  name            = "spoof-guard-profile-0"
  nsxt_manager_id = data.vcd_nsxt_manager.nsxt.id
}

data "vcd_nsxt_segment_qos_profile" "first" {
  name            = "qos-profile-0"
  nsxt_manager_id = data.vcd_nsxt_manager.nsxt.id
}

data "vcd_nsxt_segment_security_profile" "first" {
  name            = "segment-security-profile-0"
  nsxt_manager_id = data.vcd_nsxt_manager.nsxt.id
}

resource "vcd_nsxt_segment_profile_template" "complete" {
  nsxt_manager_id = data.vcd_nsxt_manager.nsxt.id

  name        = "my-first-segment-profile-template"
  description = "my description"

  ip_discovery_profile_id     = data.vcd_nsxt_segment_ip_discovery_profile.first.id
  mac_discovery_profile_id    = data.vcd_nsxt_segment_mac_discovery_profile.first.id
  spoof_guard_profile_id      = data.vcd_nsxt_segment_spoof_guard_profile.first.id
  qos_profile_id              = data.vcd_nsxt_segment_qos_profile.first.id
  segment_security_profile_id = data.vcd_nsxt_segment_security_profile.first.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `nsxt_manager_id` - (Required) NSX-T Manager ID (can be looked up using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `nsxt_manager_id` - (Required) NSX-T Manager ID (can be referenced using
```

  [`vcd_nsxt_manager`](/providers/vmware/vcd/latest/docs/data-sources/nsxt_manager) datasource)
* `name` - (Required) Name for Segment Profile Template
* `description` - (Optional) Description of Segment Profile Template

> * `ip_discovery_profile_id` - (Optional) IP Discovery Profile ID. Can be looked up using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ip_discovery_profile_id` - (Optional) IP Discovery Profile ID. Can be referenced using
```

Author: replaced

  [`vcd_nsxt_segment_ip_discovery_profile`](/providers/vmware/vcd/latest/docs/data-sources/nsxt_segment_ip_discovery_profile)

> * `mac_discovery_profile_id` - (Optional) IP Discovery Profile ID. Can be looked up using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `mac_discovery_profile_id` - (Optional) IP Discovery Profile ID. Can be referenced using
```

Author: replaced

  [`vcd_nsxt_segment_mac_discovery_profile`](/providers/vmware/vcd/latest/docs/data-sources/nsxt_segment_mac_discovery_profile)

> * `spoof_guard_profile_id` - (Optional) IP Discovery Profile ID. Can be looked up using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `spoof_guard_profile_id` - (Optional) IP Discovery Profile ID. Can be referenced using
```

Author: replaced

  [`vcd_nsxt_segment_spoof_guard_profile`](/providers/vmware/vcd/latest/docs/data-sources/nsxt_segment_spoof_guard_profile)

> * `qos_profile_id` - (Optional) IP Discovery Profile ID. Can be looked up using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `qos_profile_id` - (Optional) IP Discovery Profile ID. Can be referenced using
```

Author: replaced

  [`vcd_nsxt_segment_qos_profile`](/providers/vmware/vcd/latest/docs/data-sources/nsxt_segment_qos_profile)

> * `segment_security_profile_id` - (Optional) IP Discovery Profile ID. Can be looked up using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `segment_security_profile_id` - (Optional) IP Discovery Profile ID. Can be referenced using
```

Author: replaced
